Doc 220 creating nodes (#867)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/creating-nodes/deploy/install-private-nodes.md

	# Install your node. Replace <n8n-node-name> with the name of your module
	RUN cd /usr/local/lib/node_modules/n8n && npm install <n8n-node-name>

	# Install fonts
	RUN apk --no-cache add --virtual fonts msttcorefonts-installer fontconfig && \
		update-ms-fonts && \
		fc-cache -f && \
		apk del fonts && \
		find  /usr/share/fonts/truetype/msttcorefonts/ -type l -exec unlink {} \; \
		&& rm -rf /root /tmp/* /var/cache/apk/* && mkdir /root

	ENV NODE_ICU_DATA /usr/local/lib/node_modules/full-icu

	WORKDIR /data

	COPY docker-entrypoint.sh /docker-entrypoint.sh
	ENTRYPOINT ["tini", "--", "/docker-entrypoint.sh"]

	EXPOSE 5678/tcp
	```

3. Download the [docker-entrypoint.sh](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/blob/master/docker/images/n8n/docker-entrypoint.sh) file, and place it in the same directory as your Dockerfile.

4. Build your Docker image:

	```Dockerfile
	# Replace <n8n-version-number> with the n8n release version number. 
	# For example, N8N_VERSION=0.177.0
	docker build --build-arg N8N_VERSION=<n8n-version-number> --tag=customizedn8n .
	```

You can now use your node in Docker.

## Install your node in a global n8n instance

> If you're running n8n by installing it globally, make sure that you install your node inside n8n. n8n will find the module and load it automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running n8n installed globally, make sure that you install your node inside n8n. n8n will find the module and load it automatically.
```
